# Function

## Function is...

A function in a programming language is defined as a unit of execution by implementing a series of processes as statements and wrapping them in code blocks. Functions in the programming language also take input and send output. In this case, a variable receiving the input is called a parameter, an input is an argument, and an output is a return value. Also, since there may be several functions, you can use function names that are identifiers to distinguish specific functions.

As a function of mathematics, you need to direct the execution of a function by passing parameters, such as arguments, that are needed to execute a predefined set of processes, to the function. This is called function call / invoke. When a function is called, the statements in the code block are executed in a lump and the result is returned.

#### Function Feature

1. It is used for efficient reuse of code.
2. Increases code reliability and improves readability.
3. Function contained parameter and argument
4. JavaScript function are first-rate objects
5. A function can be evaluated to be a value, and a function that can be evaluated as a value can be assigned to a variable.
6. A function can specify a property and invoke a method.

### 1. Function Definition

#### Function Structure

* Function Name
  * The function name must follow the naming convention as an identifier.
  * Function names can only be referenced inside functions.
  * The function name can be omitted. \[ Named function / Anonymous function \]
* Parameter
  * Parameter can use it as a variable inside a function. 
  * Wrap zero or more parameters with "\( \)" and separate them with " , ".
  * Parameters are assigned arguments.
* Function Body
  * It is a block of code defined as a unit in which a function is executed. 
  * The function execute by invoke.

#### 1.1 Function Declarations

```javascript
function f_NAME(a+b){
    return(a+b);
}
NAME() // Function have to be invoke
```

#### 1.2 Function Expressions \(Function literal\)

```javascript
let f_NAME = function(a+b){
    return(a+b);
}
NAME() // Function have to be invoke
```

#### 1.3 Constructor Function

```javascript
let f_NAME = new Function('a', 'b', 'return a + b')
f_NAME(a,b) // Function have to be invoke
```

#### 1.4 Arrow Function

```javascript
let f_NAME = (a,b) => a + b; 
```

### 2. Function Hosting

### 3. First-class Object

### 4. Parameter / Argument

#### 4.1 Call-by-value

#### 4.2 Call-by-reference

### 5. Return Value

### 6. Function Object Property 

#### 6.1 argument Property 

#### 6.2 caller Property 

#### 6.3 length Property 

#### 6.4 name Property 

#### 6.5 \_\_proto\_\_ Property 

#### 6.6 prototype Property 

### 7. Different Type of Function

#### 7.1 Call back Function 

#### 7.2 Recursive function

#### 7.3 Inner Function

#### 7.4 Immediately-invoked function

